So, you probably heard of the term 'drunken sailors' and that's for a
good reason. Once you are deployed and you pull into a port, which is
like a little city of a new country, then the people are very very
antsy and they want to get out and, you know, party a little bit. So,
you probably been on the ship, in the middle of the ocean, you haven't
seen another, you know, non-military soul for about a month. So,
they really want to go out there and, you know, like, you know, do
the opposite of what they were doing which is being disciplined. Now,
they want to, you know, go be young kids. The military's basically
eighteen to twenty four year olds. So, kind of like the college life.
So, they go out there and do college level things. They find the
first bar, they sit with each other and just, you know, find, you
know, the cheapest alcohol and you could find them there the whole entire
day and then they come back to the ship. The military knows this,
so they have people walking around, checking into the bars, making
sure they aren't caught causing fights, which they are, make sure
that people aren't, you know, drinking too much which they are, make
sure that people can make it home safely, you know, which means that
they come back by taxi, which means that they come in handcuffs sometimes
but it's all in good fun. By the time we leave, out of five
thousand people or sometimes eight thousand people that are there,
you only have maybe one or two that actually get into real big trouble.
I personally didn't, I personally wasn't involved in that drunk
culture so much. I actually liked to go out to the town and explore,
you know, the museums and the scenery and things like that but I had
a few drinks myself too.